Add new ML cluster settings for 2.5 (#2442)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/cluster-settings.md

# ML Commons cluster settings

To enhance and customize your OpenSearch cluster for machine learning (ML), you can add any of the following settings for the ML commons plugin in your 'opensearch.yml' file.

## Run tasks and models on ML nodes only

> If `true`, ML Commons tasks and models run machine learning (ML) tasks on ML nodes only. If `false`, tasks and models run on ML nodes first. If no ML nodes exist, tasks and models run on data nodes. Don't set as `false` on a production cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `plugins.ml_commons.only_run_on_ml_node` is set to`true`, ML Commons tasks and models run machine learning (ML) tasks on ML nodes only. If its set to`false`, tasks and models run on ML nodes first. If no ML nodes exist, tasks and models run on data nodes. Don't set as `false` on a production cluster. 
```

### Setting

```
plugins.ml_commons.only_run_on_ml_node: true
```

### Values

- Default value: `true`
- Value range: `true` or `false`

## Dispatch tasks to ML node 

> `round_robin` dispatches ML tasks to ML nodes using round robin routing. `least_load` gathers all ML nodes' runtime information, such as JVM heap memory usage and running tasks, then dispatches tasks to the ML node with the least load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `round_robin` setting dispatches ML tasks to ML nodes using round robin routing. `least_load` gathers all ML nodes' runtime information, such as JVM heap memory usage and running tasks, then dispatches tasks to the ML node with the least load.
```

## Run tasks and models on ML nodes only

> If `true`, ML Commons tasks and models run machine learning (ML) tasks on ML nodes only. If `false`, tasks and models run on ML nodes first. If no ML nodes exist, tasks and models run on data nodes. Don't set as "false" on production cluster. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `true`, ML Commons tasks and models run machine learning (ML) tasks on ML nodes only. If `false`, tasks and models run on ML nodes first. If no ML nodes exist, tasks and models run on data nodes. Don't set as `false` on a production cluster. 
```

### Setting

```
plugins.ml_commons.only_run_on_ml_node: true
```

### Values

> - Default value: `false`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Default value: `true`
```

- Value range: `true` or `false`

## Dispatch tasks to ML node 

> `round_robin` dispatches ML tasks to ML nodes using round robin routing. `least_load` gathers all an ML nodes' runtime information, like JVM heap memory usage and running tasks, then dispatches tasks to the ML node with the least load.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`round_robin` dispatches ML tasks to ML nodes using round robin routing. `least_load` gathers all ML nodes' runtime information, such as JVM heap memory usage and running tasks, then dispatches tasks to the ML node with the least load.
```

## Set sync up job intervals 

When returning runtime information with the [profile API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api#profile), ML Commons will run a regular sync up job to sync up newly loaded or unloaded models on each node. When set to `0`, ML Commons immediately stops sync up jobs.

### Setting

```
plugins.ml_commons.sync_up_job_interval_in_seconds: 10
```

### Values

- Default value: `10`
- Value range: [0, 86,400]

> ## Predict monitoring requests

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Monitoring predict requests
```

Author: Is there a reason why monitoring has to appear first? This is meant to be in line with our style and standard for headings?

> Controls how many upload model tasks can run in parallel on one node. If set to `0`, you cannot upload models to any node.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Controls how many predict request will be monitored on one node. If set to `0`, will clean up all monitoring predict request in cache and will not monitor new predict request any more. 
```

> Controls how many upload model tasks can run in parallel on one node. If set to `0`, you cannot upload models to any node.

Author: ```suggestion
Controls how many predict requests are monitored on one node. If set to `0`, OpenSearch clears all monitoring predict requests in the node's cache, and does not monitor predict requests from that point forward.
```

> Controls how many predict requests are monitored on one node. If set to `0`, OpenSearch clears all monitoring predict requests in the node's cache, and does not monitor predict requests from that point forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `monitoring_request_count ` setting controls how many predict requests are monitored on one node. If set to `0`, OpenSearch clears all monitoring predict requests in the node's cache, and does not monitor predict requests from that point forward.
```

> Controls how many predict requests are monitored on one node. If set to `0`, OpenSearch clears all monitoring predict requests in the node's cache, and does not monitor predict requests from that point forward.

Reviewer: suggestion: 

"The `monitoring_request_count` setting controls how many. . ."

### Setting

```
plugins.ml_commons.monitoring_request_count: 100
```

### Value range

- Default value: `100`
- Value range: [0, 100,000,000]

## Upload model tasks per node

> Controls how many upload model tasks can run in parallel on one node. If set to `0`, you cannot upload models to any node.

Reviewer: suggestion

"The `max_upload_model_tasks_per_node` setting controls. . "

## Load model tasks per node

> Controls how many load model tasks can run in parallel on one node. If set as 0, you cannot load models to any node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Controls how many load model tasks can run in parallel on one node. If set to `0`, you cannot load models to any node.
```

> Controls how many load model tasks can run in parallel on one node. If set to `0`, you cannot load models to any node.

Reviewer: similar suggestion, introduce setting by name.

### Setting

```
plugins.ml_commons.max_load_model_tasks_per_node: 10
```

### Values 

- Default value: `10`
- Value range: [0, 10]

## Add trusted URL

> The default value allows uploading a model file from any http/https/ftp/local file. You can change this value to restrict trusted model URL.

Reviewer 2: Should it be "trusted model URLs"?
```suggestion
The default value allows uploading a model file from any `http`, `https`, `ftp`, or local file. You can change this value to restrict trusted model URL.
```
